Rob Gonsalves,It’s a stroke of evil marketing genius.
Sheila Reid,"Imagine a movie with Michael Jordan acting alongside Tweety, Bugs... and a few other Warner Brothers characters. Then imagine paying seven dollars to watch them play basketball. If you can't imagine it, consider yourself blessed and skip this one."
David Gonzalez,"On November 15, 1996, not much could top Space Jam in my eyes. 20 years later, on November 15, 2016, Space Jam has become nothing more than a nostalgic guilty pleasure and thats not always a bad thing."
Cory Woodroof,Space Jam is the defining cult film of Generation VHS.
Matt Brunson,This disappointment amounts to the most expensive piece of fan mail ever produced.
Peter Canavese,"Based on a sneaker commercial, it's aliens vs. earthlings on the basketball court. Bill Murray makes it watchable. (4K HD Warner Home Video blu-ray review)."
Jana Monji,You had to be there to understand the excitement: Michael Jordan left the NBA for baseball and then came back. That was looney and so is this mix of animation and live action.
Allison Rose,You would be hard-pressed to find someone who doesn't love Bugs Bunny and Warner Bros. cashed in on his popularity.
Danielle Solzman,Space Jam boasts technical achievements with its live-action/animation hybrid approach and has some solid humor even if some jokes don't age particularly well.
Douglas Davidson,"While one can argue it's quality, it's difficult to argue that where it works, it's an absolute slam dunk."
Felix Vasquez Jr.,"Sans nostalgia it's serviceable kids' entertainment at best with a paper thin plot, but a lot of Looney Tunes antics."
Rachel Wagner,Give it a watch through I bet you will agree it's an entertaining flick.
Kevin Jackson,Space Jam is so obviously a work of the marketing/demographic-hunting mentality that it's rather surprising to find that the brazen creature gathers a certain charm as it rolls along.
Ryan Gilbey,Space Jam is nothing if not a product made by men who gauge a film's success by how many soft toys it spawns.
Sue Robinson,"Children will love the energy of both the live and animated characters, and there's plenty to keep adults amused, too."
Dennis King,The animation is eye-popping. And the co-mingling of 'toons and people is dazzling.
Rod Dreher,Space Jam is not a movie. It's a feature-length infomercial for Michael Jordan Inc. and a host of related corporations that made their product-placement arrangements early.
Jay Boyar,"This isn't Looney Tunes, it's Sloppy Tunes."
Hugh Linehan,"Brash, noisy and colourful, Space Jam should appeal to young basketball and cartoon fans alike."
Richard Corliss,The movie could have been a gleaming showcase for cartoon wit. Instead it's an 87-minute commercial peddling sainthood for Michael Jordan.
